Zapple!
Killvearn: Seems
pointless to me.
Hadlar: Making up for lost
Aura with magic won't help you.
Go ahead and try it.
You and I are
both well aware...
a Zap Strash will
pale in comparison
to that new attack
you already unleashed.
What are you doing?
Why sheathe your blade?
Wait, that's it.
I think Dai must be planning
to use his new scabbard!
Dai: Because this
is a new weapon
Lon Beruk made to
fight Vearn.
My Magic Sword is already
as strong as it
could get on its own.
But with this scabbard,
I can increase its power
in ways that nobody's
ever seen before.
Really?
His instructions said that If I
cast a spell and sheathe it...
the Magic's Power is supposed
to be amplified inside...
And when I draw
this blade again,
then that spell will
have transformed
into its ultimate variation.
Hadlar [thought]: If
that's the case, then...
Is his Zapple going to
become a Kazap?
Hadlar [thought]:
A Zoom spell?
I don't get it.
Why'd he move over there?
Amplifying the Magic Power
won't happen instantly...
It's a delicate process.
He needs to buy time -
that's what he's doing.
That's not the only reason.
Think about it.
If this actually works...
his next attack
will be insanely strong.
So he distanced
himself to make sure
we don't get hurt
by the fallout.
Brace yourselves. This
is gonna be something else.
Popp [thought]: I won't try
to stop you anymore, Dai.
I have faith in that
power of yours...
the power that's given us
miracle after miracle.
Give him everything
you've got. You can do this.
Dai: Ten... nine...
Hadlar [thought]: If he's
able to conjure a Kazap,
then I know exactly what
attack he's planning to use:
the last gift from his
fallen father... Gigabreak.
I could stop him right now.
It would be so easy, but...
[cackling]
Why bother?
Using my last attack
will destroy me, anyway.
I shall use my last
few moments...
to summon the rest
of my strength
and take you down with me!
Five...
Four...
Three...
Two...
One...
And zero!
I knew it.
Now, I'll show you how
Baran's greatest attack
is still no match for mine.
I'll give this every ounce
of life force I have left.
Ultra Combustion Slash!
[snarling]
This is it!
[roaring]
I couldn't agree more.
Say your farewells, Hero.
I'm going to shatter
you in a single blow!
No, you won't shatter this!
Every fight...
Every single battle has
been leading us here
to this moment!
I won't fail.
There's way too
much riding on this.
So here's the best
attack I can do!
How could he...
Giga... Strash!
Hadlar [thought]:
Giga Strash...
Well done, Dai.
It seems everything I
had still wasn't enough
and this is how it all ends.
[howling]
He... He won...
After all that,
he pulled it off...
Dai really beat him!
Maam [thought]: I suppose
this is the end for Hadlar.
He's a Superior Being
like Zamza was,
and now that he's
been defeated...
He's going to crumble
into black ash, as well.
Albinass, I think
I understand...
I can finally see why you
were willing to give it all up
to prevent
this from happening.
Hadlar, I...
There's no need
to say anything.
I was certain I
had you cornered,
and yet I've lost once again.
No matter what I try,
I always lose to
Avan and his Disciples.
But I'm satisfied with
this particular loss...
To face both his and Baran's
greatest attacks in battle...
[admiring chuckle]
I never stood a chance
against such a thing.
What a way to go.
Was that another attack you
invented in your training?
No.
I actually came up with that
one right here on the spot.
Just now? Is that so?
It's true.
I figured if I was
going to beat you,
I'd need the combined power
of my master and father.
I honestly wasn't sure
I could do it, but...
When it came down
to it, I had to try.
[laughing]
At the height of
your toughest battle,
you've created the
most incredible attack
the world has ever seen.
How did I believe I could
have ever defeated you?
What a fool I was.
I'm sorry, Hadlar...
Don't be. I have no regrets.
As a matter of fact,
I'm grateful, boy.
When I was at my lowest,
and I realized that
I couldn't overcome you,
that was when an awakening
truly began in my life.
And while it may have
been a short one,
it was a fulfilling
life, nonetheless.
Farewell, Dai...
the little Hero.
For my last wish...
May I at least shake the hand
of the one who bested me...
while I still have the time?
What do you say, Dai?
It won't be long before
my body will crumble to ash.
Hadlar: What is this?!
Hyunckel: What's going on?!
Wait, a flute? Could it be...
Hyunckel: Killvearn.
Killvearn: [chuckling]
Well, I hope you've enjoyed
yourselves, my friends.
Like this little melody?
Let's call it a requiem
from yours truly...
Played for the pair
who've taken the time
to put on this
magnificent show.
Encore, anyone?
Look out!
Get away from there!
No, no... He's too weakened.
He can't even stand.
Killvearn: Time's up, anyway.
The mighty fires of the
Underworld will consume them!
Dai: [alarmed breath]
Come on, move!
Killvearn: [chuckling]
Well, what do you think?
Isn't my Kill Trap
just splendid?
So splendid.
What do you mean "Kill Trap"?
What does it sound
like, you dummy?
Killvearn: I've laid
quite a number of traps
around the palace
to punish intruders...
Some of them are more
primitive than others,
but this is one
of my favorites.
The Nine of Diamonds.
It allows me to
summon the most powerful
fires of the
Underworld at will.
Truly unparalleled
spell craft.
It crossed my mind
to activate it
the moment you all
set foot in Vearn Palace,
but this is so much more fun.
Leona [thought]: He was
waiting for this...
Waiting until Dai
and Hadlar were both
too exhausted to fight back.
You monster.
How dare you defile
an honorable duel
with your games?!
Hyunckel...
Just forget about
Killvearn right now.
Let's focus.
We gotta help Dai.
Killvearn: It's
futile, young lady.
Killvearn: Can you
really not see it?
He's already far
beyond your help.
Once the eight all-consuming
fires are summoned,
they'll gather into
a scorching apex...
and then any living creature
trapped within will
be incinerated.
I guarantee, there's no power in
this realm that can escape it.
He's lying!
Killvearn: Why would I?
At least Lord Hadlar
will be pleased-
he gets to die with the Hero.
[cackling]
Popp: If I were you,
I wouldn't assume it'll
go off without a hitch.
Popp! You...
You bet, pal.
I had a feeling that something
like this might happen.
Surprise, Killvearn.
As long as I'm in here,
this plan isn't going your way.
Popp: Surprise, Killvearn.
As long as I'm in here, this
plan isn't going your way.
Popp, are you...
Are you in there?!
That's right.
It's a little hot,
but Dai's okay.
Hyunckel: You dove in just
before the trap closed?
Are you out of your mind?
Popp: No, but I figured
Vearn and his henchmen
would try to pull
a fast one on us.
Sure, Hadlar
and his Royal Guard
might be honorable opponents,
but this is Vearn Palace...
The Dark Army's
headquarters.
And if you ask me, there's no
such thing as a fair fight
from a member of
the Dark Army!
Hadlar [thought]:
Well said, Popp.
Killvearn: [annoyed scoff]
This little brat's
always a pain, isn't he?
Ah, well.
Not for much longer.
Hyunckel [thought]:
Where did he go?
It doesn't make sense.
Why would he disappear when
his plan was just thwarted?
Popp: [straining grunts]
It's no use.
These flames are too strong.
My Crackle spell won't
hold them off forever...
Somebody hurry up
and do something!
Leona: Okay. I've got it.
Crackle!
Leona: This isn't good.
My Crackle spell
isn't strong enough!
How come? Popp's
is holding it back.
His Magic Power is a lot
stronger than mine is...
There's nothing I can do.
[struggling grunts]
Don't give in!
Isn't there...
I mean, there
has to be something.
At this rate,
they're going to...
Hyunckel: I've got an idea.
Stand aside, you two.
Are you going
to use Grand Cross?
We don't have a choice.
This trap can't be
broken by normal means.
We'll have to blow it away using
the greatest power we have...
And that's this.
In terms of raw energy,
no other attack can come close
to the force of my Grand Cross!
You guys,
Hyunckel's about to try
using Grand Cross to free you.
Take cover!
[struggling grunts]
Right. Brace yourselves.
I expect this one's going
to sting a little bit.
Hyunckel: Grand Cross!
I-Impossible...
Hyunckel: There's no way...
How could it repel
my attack so easily?
Hey, uh...
Was that all?
Because nothing's
happening in here...
You mean it...
It didn't have any
effect in there at all?
It can't be...
Is that why?
Is that the real
reason Killvearn left?
Killvearn: [giggling]
Don't the humans make
such lovely faces
when they've been tricked?
Your cruelty knows no bounds.
I admit, even my own
nature is no match for it.
The cruelest being...
Of the entire Underworld.
Killvearn: Such high
praise, Your Majesty.
[devious chuckle]
Maam: What do we do?
What can we do here?!
Leona, please.
Is there a spell?
Or some item?
We can't just stand by and watch
them get burned to death...
Leona?!
Hyunckel: You
heard him, Maam...
Hyunckel: It's futile.
The Princess has
already figured as much.
She's not going to
give you any false hope.
You know it's true.
There's not a thing that any
of us can do to help them now.
No, you're wrong!
Leona: Grand Cross has
the greatest Aura
energy of any attack,
and even it couldn't
quench those flames.
If I'm right,
then that means
this trap can only be broken
using some type of magic...
It isn't going to
respond to anything else.
That's the only
thing that explains
why Hyunckel's strike
had no effect...
Because it's Aura, not magic.
Hyunckel: Inside, Popp might
be able to hold off that fire
using the power he has, but...
Out here, none of us are
anywhere close to
having his abilities
when it comes to magic...
That leaves us with only
one way to rescue our friends
before they're
consumed by the flames...
Defeating Killvearn.
If we do that, then his
spell should disappear.
And of course, he expected
us to figure that out.
That's why he retreated.
He could be anywhere now.
This palace is enormous.
Hyunckel: It would
take us far too long
to find him and defeat him.
He's worked out
all the angles,
and he's closed off our
only hope of saving them...
That diabolical specter.
Maam [thought]: He's right.
Even combined, Leona and I
don't have the Magic Power...
Leona - what
about Kaglimmer?
It worked in the
Cave of Trials, didn't it?
And it wasn't
even complete...
Why don't we try
casting it again?
Maybe it'll do the trick.
It's a good idea,
but... it won't work.
Leona: I wish I were wrong,
but don't forget...
In order to bring down the
field surrounding the palace...
we already... cast a
full-scale Kaglimmer Spell.
This place, it's
under that enchantment.
If it could stop these
flames, it would have.
Purification Spells, they...
They aren't more effective
if they're cast again...
It'd just be a waste
of Magic Power.
H-How can...
How can you be
so calm right now?
Leona!
Oh, I am not calm.
But still...
We can't afford to lose
our heads at a time like this.
We have to focus
and figure out a way.
Otherwise, this
will all be for nothing.
Our enemy, he's way too
many steps ahead of us.
He's pulled us apart
without even being here.
Maam [thought]:
Forgive me, Leona.
Hyunckel: There's
no point, Maam.
You're wasting your strength.
Physical power is
never going to work.
If your fists or
my Wave Strike
could have any
effect on this trap...
then Killvearn would
have taken us both out
before he pulled
his vanishing act.
Maam [thought]:
Just hang on, you guys.
Don't give up on me in there!
Killvearn: They do love
their futile resistance.
[delighted chuckle]
Narrator: With
the other Disciples
helpless to rescue them,
Dai and Popp are locked
inside of Killvearn's trap.
The Underworld's
fire scorches the air,
their stamina is failing,
and soon any hope seems lost...
Until an unexpected ray of light
breaks through the darkness,
leading Popp to
a possible exit.
But will they escape before
the raging inferno
swallows them whole?
Find out next time on
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Hope in the Flames".